README.md, before:

# Quilibrium Docs

This repo contains the public documentation website for [Quilibrium.](https://quilibrium.com/) 
It's deployed to https://docs.quilibrium.com.

## Contributing Documentation

The documentaiton lives in the `docs` directory in Markdown files. 

If you want to contribute to the documentation, please submit a pull request (PR) with a change to these files. 
Please write one sentence per line in the markdown files for easy reviewing.

In addition to the Markdown changes, the PR should explain the motivation for the change and any other information that is necessary for reviewing it.

## UI Development

This website is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

### Installation

```
$ yarn
```

### Local Development

```
$ yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```
$ yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Deployment

Using SSH:

```
$ USE_SSH=true yarn deploy
```

Not using SSH:

```
$ GIT_USER=<Your GitHub username> yarn deploy
```

If you are using GitHub pages for hosting, this command is a convenient way to build the website and push to the `gh-pages` branch.

## License

<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://docs.quilibrium.com">Quilibrium Documentation</a> by <span property="cc:attributionName">Quilibrium Inc.</span> is licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/sa.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""></a></p>

Commit message:

Add readme section on links in Markdown docs

README.md, after:

# Quilibrium Docs

This repo contains the public documentation website for [Quilibrium.](https://quilibrium.com/) 
It's deployed to https://docs.quilibrium.com.

## Contributing Documentation

The documentaiton lives in the `docs` directory in Markdown files. 

If you want to contribute to the documentation, please submit a pull request (PR) with a change to these files. 
Please write one sentence per line in the markdown files for easy reviewing.

In addition to the Markdown changes, the PR should explain the motivation for the change and any other information that is necessary for reviewing it.


### Links

Docusaurus [supports](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/links) two types of links in Markdown: URL paths (e.g. `./installation`) and file paths (`./installation.md`).
When editing Markdown files in the `docs` directory, prefer to use relative file path links to other documentation files (e.g. `./installation.md`).
Docusaurus will turn these into absolue URL paths under the hood in the generated HTML, but using relative Markdown paths in the source files has the advantage of links working in Markdown editors, and IDEs with refactoring support can update paths automatically when things are moved around.

## UI Development

This website is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator.

### Installation

```
$ yarn
```

### Local Development

```
$ yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```
$ yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Deployment

Using SSH:

```
$ USE_SSH=true yarn deploy
```

Not using SSH:

```
$ GIT_USER=<Your GitHub username> yarn deploy
```

If you are using GitHub pages for hosting, this command is a convenient way to build the website and push to the `gh-pages` branch.

## License

<p xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/"><a property="dct:title" rel="cc:attributionURL" href="https://docs.quilibrium.com">Quilibrium Documentation</a> by <span property="cc:attributionName">Quilibrium Inc.</span> is licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1" target="_blank" rel="license noopener noreferrer" style="display:inline-block;">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International<img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/cc.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/by.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""><img style="height:22px!important;margin-left:3px;vertical-align:text-bottom;" src="https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/icons/sa.svg?ref=chooser-v1" alt=""></a></p>
